This month, the two thousand truckloads of bricks were finally completed.
Waiting to come down for three years
I can finally buy your favorite carrier aircraft
Come to pay wages
Lin Yang, you pulled two thousand carts of bricks this month.
three thousand
Xiaoqiang
Ten billion has been credited to your bank card
Kind tips
This amount can only be consumed by women
It’s Jia Cheng’s two thousand again
The jewelry store is closing
I'm leaving first
Yaoyao baby
Wow woo
Ha ha
Hate
Fan Shao
Fan Shao hates it
Why
little baby
today
I will unlock it for you
a new posture
Guaranteed you will like it
Ha ha ha ha
Dabao is back soon
Mr. Fan can't
Lin Yang will be back later
That waste's account back then
Let him kneel here and watch carefully today
I'm keeping a secret
To be his girlfriend
Mr. Fan
Why
How about it
This kid must have never played like this before, right?
Ah ha ha ha
Fan Shao
Yaoyao
waste
Waited for three years
But I haven’t touched my girlfriend
in front of me
Ha ha
So powerful
Exciting
I'll let you see enough this time
Someone is coming
ah
Yaoyao
He forced you, right?
force
Let me tell you the truth
I used to be so stupid
Your ring is too small
I never want to live such a poor life with you again
Fan Shao
People just like the way you are rude to them
Yeah
ah
Ha ha
This time
Open your eyes and watch carefully
People still want it
Ha ha
You two bastards
I'll kill you
Pull him up for me
Go to hell
I've wanted to kill you for a long time
It's a blessing to have kept you alive for so long.
Throw him into the trash can